project-2/readme.md, before:

  # My Second readme

  ## Misty Daniels
  ***

  The past two weeks Ive worked on three pages for my project. I've managed to
  make a nifty little form that I'm a little proud of.
  Im still working on keeping my code neat and organized, which is the toughest
  thing to keep in mind with so much going on.
  I had a little trouble making sure to close everything, and found myself going
  back through everything to figure out where I forgot a closing bracket.
  But I have learned a lot of nifty code!
  I really enjoyed building the form, it got a little repetitive and I wonder
   if it gets a little better with Java.
   Adding images and the table were pretty straight forward, thankfully, and
   didnt take too much time.
   I did manage to combine bits and pieces of what I've learned and make my
   home, instructions, and form links into neat little buttons!

  ***

  This week I created a new index and readme file for a series of new webpages we
   will work on later.
  I learned that it can be important to leave messages, reminders, todos, notes,
   and comments for yourself or others who may be looking over your files.


  I also learned that organization is key! Its polite to keep things as neat and
   readable as possible. It will help myself and others when we go through our
    coding.

  One thing I hadnt known before, was semantics are pretty important! At first I
   thought it was simply a different way to italicize or bold text, but it also
    affects how screen readers pronounce words. I thought that was interesting.

  As for the future, I plan creating a tutorial for making frybread. It is
   simple enough that it wont be overwhelming, but with enough steps to build
    a few pages.

Commit message:

Added readme for the week

project-2/readme.md, after:

  # My Second readme

  ## Misty Daniels
  ***

  This week I learned how to use media in HTML, ID and Class attributes, and
  how to add meta data. These have all been really great and fun to learn.
  I added a new contact page and changed my old one to a suggestions form. It
  made a lot more sense. I also added an about section, which gave a little more
  info on who I am and why I chose this subject.
  This has been a really informative section, but I am really pumped to get
  started on the CSS section, as I have a little experience with it from my
  former school!
  Im still happy having learned how to embed my own hosted media into a site,
  rather than just embedding a link to a video from youtube or something.
  I did struggle a bit with the ID attributes, and will likely review this
  section later on just in case.

  ***

  The past two weeks Ive worked on three pages for my project. I've managed to
  make a nifty little form that I'm a little proud of.
  Im still working on keeping my code neat and organized, which is the toughest
  thing to keep in mind with so much going on.
  I had a little trouble making sure to close everything, and found myself going
  back through everything to figure out where I forgot a closing bracket.
  But I have learned a lot of nifty code!
  I really enjoyed building the form, it got a little repetitive and I wonder
   if it gets a little better with Java.
   Adding images and the table were pretty straight forward, thankfully, and
   didnt take too much time.
   I did manage to combine bits and pieces of what I've learned and make my
   home, instructions, and form links into neat little buttons!

  ***

  This week I created a new index and readme file for a series of new webpages we
   will work on later.
  I learned that it can be important to leave messages, reminders, todos, notes,
   and comments for yourself or others who may be looking over your files.


  I also learned that organization is key! Its polite to keep things as neat and
   readable as possible. It will help myself and others when we go through our
    coding.

  One thing I hadnt known before, was semantics are pretty important! At first I
   thought it was simply a different way to italicize or bold text, but it also
    affects how screen readers pronounce words. I thought that was interesting.

  As for the future, I plan creating a tutorial for making frybread. It is
   simple enough that it wont be overwhelming, but with enough steps to build
    a few pages.
